# MSA-Project-3
The following document outlines the details of the purpose to 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app which was created on PowerApps. This document includes:
  1. Purpose of 'SelfCare During COVID-19" app
  2. Functionality of app
  3. Target Audience of the app
  4. How the app can be further improved and expanded
  
## Aim of the 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app
The goal of creating 'SelfCare During COVID-19" app was to ensure that health care workers and health care volunteers are able to inform their patients, visitors and society about information regarding COVID-19 in a fast and simplistic manner . The purpose of the app was to help easily inform people and allow them to have easy and understandable information about COVID-19 to aid those who are busy and pre-occupied with important circumstances. The app acts as a digital brochure/pamphlet which provides simple and easy access to various different features and information such as a checklist of COVID-19 symptoms. Other features in the app consist of: reminders of the current restrictions and rules to follow during COVID-19, a checklist of COVID-19 symptoms with decriptions and commonality of the symptoms, an easy search for COVID-19 testing sites by searching up a suburb, and suggestions of essential products needed during the pandemic. 

## Customers and Consumers of 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app. 
Due to the effects of COVID-19, there are various people who are even more busy than usual such as health care workers or health care volunteers such as myself. With fear between health care workers and their volunteers that COVID-19 may spread further in the community, it is essential that we as health care workers have an easy way to inform patients, visitors and society of symptoms of COVID-19, reminders of rules and regulations, COVID-19 pop-up testing sites, and suggesting essential products to have during the pandemic to allow everyone to stay safe and prevent the spread.

Via the 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app, health care workers and their volunteers will be able to productively use their time wisely whilst also providing information to their patients, visitors and society about important information on COVID-19 in a fast and accurate manner. Patients will be able to obtain information simply by following the easy navigations within the app. The home page of the app contains a menu with shortcuts to particular features users want to use or they can simply go through the whole app just by pressing on "Get Started" at the bottom of the home page. Users' journey throughout the app will be easy and simple as the app is created to ensure that users of all ages capable of using technology can conveniently navigate through the app to find essential information. 

'SelfCare During COVID-19' app provides a checklist of symptoms and has a checkbox where users can tick simply by tapping on the box if they think they are experiencing the symptoms. At the botton of the page, the app will automatically count how many boxes were ticked and inform the consumer of the amount. The next page of the app will be followed by a warning sign. If the consumer had ticked one or more boxes, the app will advise the consumer to search for their nearest COVID-19 pop up testing site within the app as well. All of these features are done via the app and the users are not required to search in a search engine for advise or what to do when they experience a symptom of COVID-19. The app will advise them and direct the user on what to do making it convenient for health care workers and their volunteers to use as it provides a fast way of informing their patients, visitors and society on what to do when symptoms are experienced without taking much of their precious time. 

If symptoms of COVID-19 are not experienced, the user is advised to click "Next step", and are shown to a page full of essential products they should have in order to reduce the chances of them obtaining COVID-19. This feature allows the app to direct people who do not experience any symptoms of COVID-19 on what to do and what they should purchase in order to maintain physical and mental health. 

These features allow an easy way for health care workers and their volunteers to inform people of what to do in any type of situtation without having to spend individual time with people. Not only does this give more time for health care workers and their volunteers to do other important duties, they can also find time for themselves and prevent themselves from overworking and having longer contact time with others as well. Furthermore, this app also helps give a simplistic way of informing important information in an accurate manner and advise users on what to do in different circumstances.

## Possible improvements and changes to the app in future
As technology and circumstance rapidly change it is important that the app is up to date with all information regarding COVID-19. With more expertise with technology in the near future, the 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app could be advanced by connecting to Google maps to help give direct directions from where the user is and their nearest COVID-19 pop-up testing site. This will save the user experience more time and will provide more information on how to get to a testing site. Furthermore, the app could be further improved if the Essential Products List feature in the app could connect to online sites and automatically purchase the item via the app. This will provide further convenience to the user as they do not have to exit the app to purchase an item that they need. In addition, in consideration to COVID-19 no longer existing and is finally defeated, the app could be changed into other information regarding to health. For instance, the app could be turned into a health advice app where health care workers and their volunteers could inform their patients, visitors and society of different types of health problems and their symptoms such as strokes, diabetes, panic atackers, etc whilst maintaining the purpose of the app being to inform people quickly of health advice and information. By considering that the COVID-19 pandemic may end, the app could further expand to as a digital brochure/pamphlet that provides much more information about health advices. Furthermore, in cases where peoples health may be affected such as another pandemic or a bush fire, the app should be further customised so that it will update to information and health adivce to the circumstances to help health care workers and their volunteers inform their patients, visitors and society on what to do quickly and accurately. Thus, the "SelfCare During COVID-19" app may have a change in name in future to fit the appropriate circumstances but as for now, it is best to maintain the name to allow users to be precisely informed of the purpose of the current app during the current pandemic.

## Conclusion
As a result, the target audience of the 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app is made specifically for health care workers and health care volunteers to use to inform their patiences, visitors and society with information on COVID-19, health advice and other features regarding COVID-19. The app gives an easy and simple way to help health care workers and their volunteers to quickly distribute information on how to take care of oneself during COVID-19 without having to maintain long conversations and contact with people. Furthermore, though the app needs further improvement, in future, the app could also be used in different fields and circumstances, specifically tailors to each circumstance. However for now, the purpose of the 'SelfCare During COVID-19' app is specifically aimed towards the COVID-19 situation and will change in future once the pandemic ends. 
